feat: [IDP]: Improved the what's supported section for custom actions (#8210)
harness/developer-hub: docs/internal-developer-portal/whats-supported.md

## Template Actions to Trigger Harness Pipeline

### [trigger:harness-custom-pipeline](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/custom-actions#1-triggerharness-custom-pipeline)

> - This template action currently supports only [IDP Stage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/idp-stage) along with the [custom stage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/pipelines/add-a-stage/#add-a-custom-stage)(**Only Available with Harness CD License**) and [codebase disabled](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md#disable-clone-codebase-for-specific-stages) **CI stage(Only Available with Harness CI License)** with [Run step](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-step-settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This action currently supports only [IDP Stage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/idp-stage) along with the [custom stage](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/pipelines/add-a-stage/#add-a-custom-stage)(**Only Available with Harness CD License or Free Tier usage**) and [codebase disabled](/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/codebase-configuration/create-and-configure-a-codebase.md#disable-clone-codebase-for-specific-stages) **CI stage (Only Available with Harness CI License)** with [Run step](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/run-step-settings).
```

- All input, except for [pipeline expressions](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/harness-variables/#pipeline-expressions), must be [fixed values](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/variables-and-expressions/runtime-inputs/#fixed-values).

### [trigger:trigger-pipeline-with-webhook](https://developer.harness.io/docs/internal-developer-portal/flows/custom-actions#2-triggertrigger-pipeline-with-webhook)

> - This template action supports all types of pipeline with a webhook based trigger. It triggers a pipeline execution based on the input-set identifier and a webhook name. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This action supports all types of pipeline with a webhook based trigger. It triggers a pipeline execution based on the input-set identifier and a webhook name. 
```
